brussel sprouts


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Place
bacon in a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat. Cook,
stirring occasionally, until lightly browned but still soft,
about 5 minutes. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Set
aside. Coat a large baking dish or cast iron skillet with 1
tablespoon olive oil. Arrange lemon slices in a single layer
on the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Stir together
remaining 5 tablespoons olive oil, lemon juice, garlic,
kosher salt, and black pepper in a large bowl until marinade
is well combined. Add Brussels sprouts to marinade in the
bowl; toss until evenly coated. Use a slotted spoon to place
Brussels sprouts over lemon slices in the baking dish,
draining excess marinade back into the bowl. Scatter cooked
bacon over Brussels sprouts. Add potatoes to remaining
marinade in the bowl; toss until evenly coated. Use a
slotted spoon to arrange potatoes along the inside edge of
the baking dish, draining excess marinade back into the
bowl. Add chicken breast halves to remaining marinade in the
bowl; coat thoroughly. Place chicken, skin-side up, over
vegetables in the baking dish. Pour any remaining marinade
over chicken. Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no
longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 1
hour. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone
should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221160/pan-roasted-chicken-with-lemon-garlic-brussels-sprouts-and-potatoes/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pan-Roasted Chicken with Lemon-Garlic Brussels Sprouts and Potatoes
