cheese grits


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Prepare the grits: Bring chicken stock to a boil in a
saucepan over high heat. Slowly pour grits into stock while
stirring constantly. Reduce heat to low; simmer until grits
are tender and thick, 15 to 20 minutes, stirring
occasionally. Stir in heavy cream to thin out the grits.
Stir in Gouda cheese and butter until melted and smooth.
While grits are cooking, make the shrimp sauce: Place bacon
in a large, deep skillet over medium heat; cook until bacon
fat is rendered, about 3 minutes. Stir in shallot and
garlic; cooking and stirring until shallots are tender,
about 5 minutes. Pour in white wine and stir in butter,
cooking and stirring until butter has melted. Drop shrimp in
the skillet; cook and stir until they are bright pink on the
outside and the meat is no longer transparent in the center,
about 3 minutes. Stir in spinach, mushrooms, and green
onions; cook and stir until the spinach wilts, about 2
minutes more. Remove shrimp with a slotted spoon. Stir in
heavy cream to the sauce. Simmer until the cream is reduced
by about a third, about 10 minutes. Season with hot sauce,
salt, and pepper. Return shrimp to the skillet to heat
through. Serve shrimp with sauce over the prepared grits.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220018/grits-a-ya-ya/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Grits a Ya Ya
