chicken fried steak


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Trim fat caps off steaks. Rub steaks with salt, then
Worcestershire sauce and soy sauce. Let rest for 30 minutes.
Transfer one steak to a cutting board and cover with plastic
wrap. Use a meat mallet to pound the steak until it is about
half the original thickness and twice the original area.
Repeat with remaining two steaks. Place 2 cups flour in a
shallow bowl. Whisk buttermilk, eggs, and hot sauce together
in a second bowl. Combine remaining 3 cups flour, bread
crumbs, baking powder, garlic powder, smoked paprika, onion
powder, Cajun seasoning, sea salt, chile seasoning, black
pepper, thyme, oregano, sweet paprika, chipotle powder,
cumin, sage, mustard powder, and cayenne pepper in a third,
large bowl. Dunk each piece of steak in the plain flour,
then in the egg wash, and then in the breading, making sure
it gets completely coated in each step. Transfer to a plate
and refrigerate for 1 hour; this is crucial and ensures the
breading will adhere to the meat. When ready to cook,
prepare gravy: Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat.
Whisk in flour and stir until the mixture becomes paste-like
and light golden brown, about 5 minutes. Gradually whisk
beef broth into the flour mixture, then gradually whisk in
cream, and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce heat
to low and cook, stirring occasionally, to let it further
thicken. Keep warm as you cook the steaks. Heat oil in a
deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees
C). Drop steaks into the hot oil and fry until breading is
crisp and golden brown, 6 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a paper
towel-lined plate to drain. Serve hot steaks with gravy.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8346494/chicken-fried-steak-with-gravy/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chicken Fried Steak with Gravy
