banana pudding


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Separate eggs, placing the whites in the bowl of a stand
mixer and the yolks into a saucepan. Prepare the custard:
Add sugar, salt, and 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon flour to the
yolks. Splash in about 1/4 of the milk and start blending
mixture with a whisk. Pour in remaining milk and whisk until
smooth. Cook and stir mixture over medium heat until hot to
the touch, occasionally dipping your finger in to test.
Whisk constantly until custard is thick enough to form
ribbons. Remove custard from heat and add banana liqueur,
vanilla, then cold butter. Whisk until butter dissolves. Set
custard aside. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200
degrees C). Begin to assemble the pudding: Toss banana
slices with lemon juice. Spread 1/4 of the custard over the
bottom of a baking dish. Add a single layer of vanilla
wafers. Cover with 1/2 of the bananas and spread 1/2 of the
remaining custard on top. Add another layer of vanilla
wafers, using slightly fewer this time. Top with remaining
bananas and custard. Smooth the top and tap dish against the
counter to settle the pudding. Make the meringue topping:
Add cream of tartar to the egg whites. Beat using the whisk
attachment until foamy. Gradually add sugar and beat until
stiff, but not dry, peaks form. Spread meringue over the
pudding using a soft spatula, creating ridges for contrast.
Bake in the preheated oven until meringue is nicely browned,
7 to 10 minutes. Serve warm or chilled.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273495/southern-style-baked-banana-pudding/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Southern-Style Baked Banana Pudding
