cheddar biscuits


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Combine mozzarella cheese and cream cheese in a large
microwave-safe bowl. Heat in the microwave on high power
until slightly melted, about 45 seconds. Remove from
microwave and stir. Repeat, heating for about 20 seconds
more. Remove from microwave again and stir; consistency
should be very sticky and cheese should be completely
melted. Return to microwave, if necessary, until all cheese
is melted. Mix almond flour, eggs, baking powder, and garlic
powder together in a bowl. Add mixture to the large bowl
with melted cheese and mix well. Add Cheddar cheese and stir
into the dough. Lay a sheet of plastic wrap on a flat
surface and dust lightly with almond flour. Pour dough onto
the middle of the plastic wrap and roll up to form a ball.
Place in the refrigerator until slightly hardened, 20 to 30
minutes. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Grease a dark baking sheet with butter. Remove dough from
the refrigerator and cut into 8 equal-sized pieces. Roll
each into a ball and place on the prepared baking sheet,
spacing equally and avoiding the sides, as biscuits will
spread while cooking. Bake in the preheated oven until
golden brown, checking at 10 minutes. Remove from oven
immediately and cool completely before serving, about 15
minutes.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267521/cheddar-keto-biscuits/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cheddar Keto Biscuits
