cinnamon rolls


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Warm the milk in a small saucepan until it bubbles, then
remove from heat. Mix in the butter; stir until melted. Add
water and let cool until lukewarm. In a large bowl, combine
the milk mixture, yeast, white sugar, salt, eggs and 2 cups
flour; stir well to combine. Stir in the remaining flour,
1/2 cup at a time, beating well after each addition. When
the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly
floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8
minutes. Divide dough into two pieces. Roll each piece into
a 12x9 inch rectangle. In a bowl, stir together the cinnamon
and brown sugar. Spread each piece with half of the butter,
half of the brown sugar and cinnamon mixture. Roll up dough,
using a little water to seal the seam. Cut each roll into 12
slices using a very sharp knife or dental floss. Place rolls
onto two 9x13 inch greased baking pans. Cover and let rise
until almost doubled, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, preheat oven
to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake in preheated oven for
20 to 25 minutes until golden brown. To make frosting;
combine confectioner's sugar, cream cheese, butter and
vanilla. Add milk gradually until frosting reaches a
spreading consistency. Spread over warm (but not hot)
cinnamon rolls.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24351/cinnamon-rolls-ii/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cinnamon Rolls II
