omelets


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Add eggs to a bowl, along with water, soy sauce, mirin,
salt, sugar, and cayenne. Use a fork to beat eggs until
whites are completely incorporated. Transfer egg mixture
into a pourable measuring cup. Set a 10-inch non-stick pan
over medium heat. Mix sesame and vegetable oil in a small
bowl, and use a brush to oil the pan. Pour in 1/3 of egg
mixture. Tilt the pan to cover the bottom with eggs. Cook
until omelet is about halfway set, then use a spatula to
turn over about 1 inch of edge toward the center on 3 sides
to square the shape on those 3 sides. If eggs seem to be
cooking too fast, reduce heat to medium-low. Use a spatula
to roll the omelet toward the rounder side, to form a
rectangular roll, about 2 inches wide by 8 inches long.
Slide omelet over to about 3 inches from the edge of the
pan, and brush more oil over the pan surface. Pour the
second 1/3 of eggs around the omelet. Lift omelet slightly
with the spatula so that some eggs flow underneath. Raise
heat back to medium, if it was reduced. When egg layer is
halfway set, use a spatula to roll this layer up and over
the already-folded omelet in the pan, and continue to roll
into a rectangle. Add remaining 1/3 of egg mixture, and
repeat cooking and rolling steps to make the final layer.
Transfer omelet onto plastic wrap, and use it to shape the
omelet, before wrapping and rolling it into a tight package;
cover with a towel and let rest for 5 minutes. Unwrap, slice
into 6 or 8 pieces, and serve on a warm plate. Sprinkle with
furikake.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/japanese-style-rolled-omelet-tamagoyaki-recipe-8644676 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Japanese-Style Rolled Omelet (Tamagoyaki)
