TikTok Croiffles


Ingredients
croissants
Crescent roll dough
Puff pastry dough

Cooking Instructions

Preheat your waffle iron to medium-low heat, then spritz
with cooking spray. If desired, roll the thawed dough in
sugar before cooking (it should stick with ease). Place the
thawed dough on the waffle iron, close the lid, and cook for
5 to 7 minutes, or until golden brown. Croiffles with
Crescent Roll Dough Preheat your waffle iron to medium-low
heat, then spritz with cooking spray. On a lightly-floured
surface, roll out the crescent roll dough with a rolling pin
until it reaches an even thinness, being careful not to
incorporate too much flour. Cut along the perforated lines.
Place 1-2 tablespoons of your desired filling on the wide
end of the dough and, starting on the wide end, roll the
dough into a croissant shape. Move the rolled dough to the
waffle iron, close the lid, and cook for 1 Â½ to 3 minutes,
or until golden brown. Croiffles with Puff Pastry Dough
Preheat your waffle iron to medium-low heat, then spritz
with cooking spray. On a lightly-floured surface, roll out
the sheet of puff pastry dough with a rolling pin until you
get a large rectangle with even thinness. Be careful not to
incorporate too much flour. Using a knife or pizza cutter,
cut out 8 long and thin triangles. Place 1-2 tablespoons of
your desired filling on the wide end of the triangle and,
starting on the wide end, roll the dough into a croissant
shape. Move the rolled dough to the waffle iron, close the
lid, and cook for 4-6 minutes, or until golden brown.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/tiktok-croiffles-recipe-8660283 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=TikTok Croiffles
