Triple Seared Whiskey Burger


Ingredients
1 pound ground beef
2 teaspoons avocado oil
2 tablespoons sea salt
1/3 cup whiskey
1/4 cup soy sauce

Cooking Instructions

Wet your hands, and form 2 (8-ounce) burgers; place on a
plate, cover, and refrigerate until ready to grill. For this
process, cold meat works best. Before starting the triple-
searing process, build a very hot hardwood charcoal fire.
Oak, mesquite or hickory are great choices. The coals should
be glowing red, and radiating extreme heat before the meat
hits the grill. Rub burgers all over with oil. Coat with sea
salt until entire surface area is completely covered. Pour
whiskey into a shallow bowl; set aside. Place burgers on
hottest spot on the grill, and sear both sides, 2 minutes
per side. Transfer burgers into bowl of whiskey, and turn
constantly for at least 1 minute. Most of the salt will
rinse off. Place burgers back onto the hottest spot on the
grill, and sear both sides again, 2 minutes per side. You
can baste steak with a small amount of whiskey while
searing. Add soy sauce to another shallow bowl. Add burgers
to the bowl, and turn constantly for at least 1 minute.
Return burgers to the hottest spot on the grill for the 3rd
and final sear. Grill each side until desired doneness is
reached, about 2 minutes. For a rosy-pink (medium-rare)
inside, remove when an instant-read thermometer inserted
near the center reads 125 to 130 F (52 to 54 degrees C).
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/triple-seared-whiskey-burger-recipe-8668974 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Triple Seared Whiskey Burger
