twice baked potatoes


Ingredients

Cooking Instructions

Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). (If using a
countertop induction oven, preheat on the "Combo 3"
setting). Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium-high
heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10
minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels; crumble into
small pieces. Toss potatoes with vegetable oil to coat;
season with salt and pepper. Spread potatoes on a baking
sheet. Bake potatoes in the preheated oven until tender,
about 30 minutes in the conventional oven and 20 minutes in
the countertop induction oven. Cool potatoes until easily
handled, about 5 minutes. Slice off the top 1/4 of each
potato lengthwise. Scoop flesh into a bowl using a melon
baller or small spoon, leaving about 1/8 inch of flesh on
the skin. Mash melted butter and mascarpone cheese into the
potato flesh in the bowl. Beat with a hand mixer until
fluffy, about 30 seconds. Stir in bacon, green onions, and
Cheddar cheese. Fill potato skins with potato mixture;
return to the baking sheet. Bake filled potatoes in the
preheated oven until warmed through, about 5 minutes. Turn
on the oven's broiler; broil potatoes until cheese is bubbly
and browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the oven. Season
shrimp with Creole seasoning; transfer to a grill pan. Grill
shrimp over high heat until opaque, about 3 minutes. (If
using a countertop induction oven, cook shrimp on the "Grill
setting" until opaque, about 3 minutes.) Top each potato
with 1 shrimp.
Source 

https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256376/mini-twice-baked-potatoes/ 

Reference Video 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Mini Twice-Baked Potatoes
